docs/index.rst, before:

.. DjangoRestFramework Microservice documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Jun 16 17:55:07 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

.. include:: links.inc

DjangoRestFramework Microservice's documentation!
=================================================

.. image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/alainivars/drf-microservice.svg?branch=master
    :target: http://travis-ci.org/alainivars/drf-microservice
    :alt: Build status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/alainivars/drf-microservice?branch=master
    :alt: Test coverage status

.. image:: https://requires.io/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/requirements.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://requires.io/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/requirements/?branch=master
    :alt: Requirements Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: pypi download

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: python supported

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: licence

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice
   :alt: PyPi version

.. image:: https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7e1409b460b27562eb8b/maintainability
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/maintainability
   :alt: Maintainability

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/drf-microservice/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/drf-microservice/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation status

.. image:: https://pypip.in/wheel/drf-microservice/badge.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: PyPi wheel

What is Drf-microservice
------------------------
drf-microservice is a ready-to-use API skeleton:
    - `Cookiescutter-drf-microservice`_ generated it,
And you:
    - add your unittest and endpoints,
And it will help you to:
    - generate the documentation with Swagger-Coreapi,
    - test it with Tox,
    - package it Docker,
    - deploy it (TODO with) Terraform or Ansible

Something disturb you in the code? Don't hesitate to open an issue and contribute.

Online documentation is here on `Readthedoc`_
Online source code available on `Github`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   usage
   functionalities
   devops_tools
   interact_with_api
   testing
   security_check
   docker
   docker_pg
   aws

   releases_notes 

Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Update documentation and fix docker-compose file for postgres 12.4

docs/index.rst, after:

.. DjangoRestFramework Microservice documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Jun 16 17:55:07 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

.. include:: links.inc

DjangoRestFramework Microservice's documentation!
=================================================

.. image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/alainivars/drf-microservice.svg?branch=master
    :target: http://travis-ci.org/alainivars/drf-microservice
    :alt: Build status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/alainivars/drf-microservice?branch=master
    :alt: Test coverage status

.. image:: https://requires.io/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/requirements.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://requires.io/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/requirements/?branch=master
    :alt: Requirements Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: pypi download

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: python supported

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: licence

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/drf-microservice.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice
   :alt: PyPi version

.. image:: https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/7e1409b460b27562eb8b/maintainability
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/alainivars/drf-microservice/maintainability
   :alt: Maintainability

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/drf-microservice/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/drf-microservice/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation status

.. image:: https://pypip.in/wheel/drf-microservice/badge.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/drf-microservice/
   :alt: PyPi wheel

What is Drf-microservice
------------------------
drf-microservice is a ready-to-use API skeleton:
    - `Cookiescutter-drf-microservice`_ generated it,
And you:
    - add your unittest and endpoints,
And it will help you to:
    - generate the documentation with Swagger-Coreapi,
    - test it with Tox,
    - package it Docker,
    - deploy it (docker-compose), for Terraform or Ansible have a look at https://github.com/alainivars/utils2devops

Something disturb you in the code? Don't hesitate to open an issue and contribute.

Online documentation is here on `Readthedoc`_
Online source code available on `Github`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   usage
   functionalities
   devops_tools
   interact_with_api
   testing
   security_check
   docker
   docker_pg
   aws

   releases_notes 

Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
